Add tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type option (#1588)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

For private networks, we recommend setting this value to the maximum number of transactions that fit
in a block in your network.

### `tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type=<TYPE=INTEGER>

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type=BLOB=6

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_TX_POOL_MAX_PRIORITIZED_BY_TYPE=BLOB=6

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type="BLOB=6"

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> Specify the maximum number of transactions that can be held in the top-priority section of the transaction pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of transactions that can be held in the top-priority section of the transaction pool.
```

The default is `BLOB=6`.

> Increasing the `BLOB` value increases the limit on prioritized [BLOB transactions](../../concepts/transactions/types#blob-transactions) in the transaction pool, allowing them to be processed faster and prioritized over others in the queue based on factors like type, fees, or importance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increasing the `BLOB` value increases the limit on prioritized [`BLOB` transactions](../../concepts/transactions/types#blob-transactions) in the transaction pool, allowing them to be processed faster and prioritized over others in the queue based on factors such as type, fees, or importance.
```

For private networks, we recommend setting this value to the maximum number of transactions that fit
in a block in your network.

### `tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type=<TYPE=INTEGER>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type=BLOB=6
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_TX_POOL_MAX_PRIORITIZED_BY_TYPE=BLOB=6
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
tx-pool-max-prioritized-by-type="BLOB=6"
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> The maximum number of transactions that can be held in the top-priority section of the transaction pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum number of transactions of a specific type that can be held in the top-priority section of the transaction pool.
```

Increasing the `BLOB` value increases the limit on prioritized [blob transactions](../../concepts/transactions/types#blob-transactions) in the transaction pool. 

> This allows blob transactions to be processed faster and prioritized over others in the queue based on factors such as type, fees, or importance.

Reviewer 2: it's not really to prioritize blobs over other tx, it's more that keeping blobs around is expensive (they are big) so we only want to keep a small number (default 6, since max 6 in a block, but you can adjust as needed). 

https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/6940

Reviewer 2: maybe something like
Keeping this layer sorted is costly so it makes sense to limit this layer to transactions that could fit in a block. Since very few blob txs can be included in a block (currently max 6), tuning the max number of transactions by type also helps with keeping the prioritized layer performant.

Reviewer 3: @macfarla. Is the new wording better/correct?
